# ud036_StarterCode
Source code to generate a Movie Trailer website.

**Installation**
The HTML document that comprises the website is called *fresh_tomatoes.html*. This file is generated by running the file entertainmentCenter.py

**Example Usage**
Using a command-line interface, *cd* to the project folder and run the command

python ./entertainmentCenter.py

The webpage should open automatically. Subsequently the page can be opened by opening the newly generated *fresh_tomatoes.html* in the project folder.

**How to set up the dev environment**
Install Python 2.7 or newer on your system.

**How to ship a change** 
If you would like to contribute to this project, please contact the author Arie Slobbe.

**Change log**
18-05-2018 Project launched

**License and author info**
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2018 Arie Slobbe

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
